Suggested Mapping T&Cs added + update to destination action set up [DOC-1141] (#7752)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/actions.md

Segment creates a disabled mapping with the name "Original Mapping Name (Copy)". You must enable the mapping for data to flow. 

## FAQs and troubleshooting

#### Why does a validation error appears when using the Event Tester?

When you send an event with an actions destination Event Tester that doesn't match the trigger of any configured and enabled mappings, an error message that states `You may not have any subscriptions that match this event` will appear. 

To resolve the error, create a mapping with a trigger to handle the event being tested, or update the test event's payload to match the trigger of any existing mappings. 

#### Why is the data not sending downstream?

> If no mappings are enabled to trigger on an event that has been received from the connected source, the destination will not send any events. Ensure that at least 1 mapping has been configured and enabled in the destination mappings for an event that you would like to reach downstream. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no mappings are enabled to trigger on an event that has been received from the connected source, the destination won't send any events. Ensure that you've configured and enabled at least 1 mapping in the destination mappings for an event that you'd like to reach downstream. 
```

> info ""
> Events without mappings enabled to handle them display as being discarded due to "No matching mapping" in a destination's Delivery Overview.

#### Why are multiple mappings triggered by the same event?

> When an event triggers multiple mappings, a request is generated for each mapping configured to trigger on the event. For example, if two mappings are enabled for the `Subscription Updated` event and both mappings have conditions defined to trigger on the 'Subscription Updated' event, two requests will be generated and sent to the destination for each event - one for each mapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an event triggers multiple mappings, a request is generated for each mapping configured to trigger on the event. For example, if two mappings are enabled for the `Subscription Updated` event and both mappings have conditions defined to trigger on the 'Subscription Updated' event, 2 requests are generated and sent to the destination for each event - 1 for each mapping.
```

#### Why is an OAuth "access token expired" message appearing in Segment?
Access tokens generated during initial authorization are short-lived, for example, when you connect a destination via OAuth. The token typically remains valid for 30 minutes to 1 hour. When Segment receives a `401 error` response from a destination after a token expires, it will automatically request the destination for a new token and will then retry the event. Therefore, `401` responses are sometimes expected and do not indicate an event failure. There are 3 event flows when events are received and sent to a destination:

> - through source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Through a source
```

> - through event tester.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Through the event tester
```

> - through actions tester in mapping screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Through the actions tester on the mapping screen
```

The underlying systems for these flows have their own copy of the token, which can expire at different points in time. If you see a `401` error in a sample response, it is likely that another request was made afterward to fetch a new token. Then one more request was made to actually send the data in your payload to the downstream destination.

#### Is it possible to map a field from one event to another?

No. Segment integrations process events through mappings individially. This means that no context is held that would allow you to map a value from one event to the field of a subsequent event.

Each event must include all of the data you'd like to send downstream. For example, you can't send an `email` field in an Identify call and then access it later on a Track call unless that Track call also includes the `email` field. 

#### Why do I get a "Couldn't load page" error when viewing or editing a mapping?

This error might occur due to a browser cache conflict or if an event property name includes a `/` character. To fix this:

> - Try clearing your browser cache or opening the mapping page in an incognito/ private window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Try clearing your browser cache or opening the mapping page in an incognito or private window.
```
